We need to develop a new feature including user stories and subtasks. the new feature is a "Playback Sync" feature that will allow multiple musicians playing the same song to connect to the server with any device and see the lyrics and chords and follow along as the 'master' plays a basic click track and then syncs all 'clients/musicians' connect to a playback section that will load the same song and section and help direct the musicians to stay on the same page as the song scrolls through. This feature will work very similar to the MultiTracks Playback app on ipad (Playback would be the 'master' in this case) and the clients would connect to a Playback feature in the app (same as the Multitracks Chartbuilder app). In order to pull this off, we'll need to overhaul 3 main aspects of the app and possibily introduce some new architecture and software packages that handle more realtime streaming or websocket type connections rather than basic http requests. 1) .mcs file : we'll need a specification to tell the 'master' how many measures each line contains and also acocunt for grid section too. I'm thinking that to start off with making it easy, we can introduce a new section/id field along with type, label, lines... called measures that essentially uses a combination of the time signature and and measure count of each section to tell the playback app, how many beats to count for each section before transitioning into the next one. 2) New top level page along with Library, Viewer, Editor, Themes... called "Playback". Playback will have two modes: A)a 'master' mode for controlling the playback and outputing the sound of clicks and maybe a voice announcing sections. and B) a 'Player' mode that will simply just see the 'stream' of the playback essentially just highlighting the section and auto-scrolling to the appropriate section of the song. The 'master' mode should have transport controls that control the start/stop of the click/playback as well as an 'arrangement' tracker at the top that the user can scrub through and select to assist with rehearsals and allow the system to start/stop at different sections.